Docs 8655 provision script/template info (#274)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/install-aws.adoc

== Install Terraform

> MuleSoft provides a Terraform script that you run to provision the required AWS resources. You can modify the provisioning script as needed for your installation: for example, you can enable disk encryption or encryption of EBS volumes. Runtime Fabric is supported as long as you meet or exceed the minimum requirements specified in xref:install-prereqs.adoc[Runtime Fabric Installation Prerequisites].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MuleSoft provides a Terraform script for you to provision the required AWS resources. You can modify the provisioning script as needed for your installation, for example, to enable encryption for disks or EBS volumes. Runtime Fabric is supported as long as you meet the requirements specified in xref:install-prereqs.adoc[Runtime Fabric Installation Prerequisites].
```
